at least 14 Palestinians have been
killed overnight in the latest Israeli
air strikes in Al narat and B refugee
camps in central Gaza three homes were
targeted Israeli forces have also bombed
a car and Al nerat killing three
civilians okay well hany mmud joins us
now from d alala in central Gaza and
honey can you just bring us up to date
with the latest on these Israeli air
strikes overnight that have continued
into this morning
yes well the isra military continue to
carry out air strikes across the Gaz we
look at a situation the entire Gaz have
been equally bombed but perhaps the
worst of what happened is overnight
attack on a residential homes where 11
people were killed inside a residential
home and we were told by the Civil
defensive crew and paramedic that this
is a displaced family from ra City this
is not the first time that they've been
displaced they were they EV they were
pushed into this and for displac been
several times before ending up in the
alour refugee camp 11 people including
women and children and as we showed up
here at the side this morning at the
hospital there were remaining family
members who were here and we were told
by one family member there are still
more people under the rubble of the
bombed homes and not only just the the
the targeted house that was destroyed
but also its vicinity causing the bomb
the falling bomb cause a great destru
deal of Destruction to the surrounding
home pushing people into further in
internal enforce displacement on a
separate attack the the is really drone
attack drone is struck a car this car
was carrying three people from one
family and what we learned so far they
were on their way to the kitchen that
they set set up in order to give free
meals to displaced families in the
central area and more recently for
people who been displaced from ra City
they on this this is a private business
but they turn it into a free meal distri
free meal distribution point for this
Place families and this is not the first
time this particular family have been
targeted and have family members being
killed at the initial weeks of this
genocidal War 24 members of this family
particularly talking about the reach
family well known
in Refuge camp and three more family
members this morning were killed as they
were on their way to set up their free
meal distribution Point meanwhile the
really military continue to
City and pushing more more occupying
Ground Force into the center part of the
city as Contin
to the Rashad on the western part of the
city and further pushing people into
further internal displacement and within
the past 24 hours and according to H
report we're looking at 30 5,000 more
people have been pushed into further
internal displacement all pouring into
the Central area and western part ofun
is that Sal the evacuation Zone just
putting more pressure on the
infrastructure and the remaining
facilities that already uh in has no
capacity and no ability whatsoever to uh
to accommodate further number of displ
population okay thanks so much honey
honey mm for us there inala